Panorama get address group command fix (#28885)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/2_1_1.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Fixed an issue where the ***panorama-get-address-group*** command did not get address groups that were not committed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***pan-os-get-address-group*** command did not get address groups that were not committed.
```
panorama-get-address-group is deprecated.
